>> Jen Kramer: So let me just leave
you with this final parting thought,
that we have been working a lot
on HTML and CSS this week.
There are more parts of web development
that we haven't talked about yet.
So before you actually start coding your
website, there's a huge process that comes
in thinking about what it is you're
going to put on the website,
what kind of pictures you're going to
choose, what are you going to say?
Why is it that you're building
this website in the first place?
So this part of the development process
is called user experience or UX.
You'll also hear something referred
to as UI which is the development
of the interface itself.
So if you like HTML and CSS,
you like graphic design,
you wanna do more of that kind of work,
you might also check out UX.
Just go ahead and type in UX,
you'll probably pull up
a zillion resources in Google.
And you can make great careers in UX and
UI.
In fact, we're I'm from in the Boston
area of Massachusetts here in the US,
there is an enormous UX community.
This is making websites
actually usable and
achieving the goals that are set out for
them.
And then of course Brian is gonna be
talking about JavaScript this week.
JavaScript is, I think,
is the mostly focusing on the front end,
JavaScript is definitely moving
to the back end as well.
So there's a whole another realm of
programming on the back end in terms
of database design, and programming.
It's been absolutely fabulous being
here with all of you this week.
I had so much fun.
Thank you all so much.
I will see you out there online, bye.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Jen Kramer: Thank you, thank you.